- contiguous  [adj]: sharing a common border.  e.g. On the map, every Amtrak station in America's 48 contiguous statues is displayed as a blue circle. [phrase]: contiguous zone
- Impermeable [adj]: Not a liable to be affected by pain or distress. SYN: insusceptible, imperturbable.  e.g. Depending on your perspective, people are either increasingly fickle or ever more impermeable to marketing bullshit.
- Semantic [adj]: Relating to meaning in language or logic. SYN: lingual,semasiological e.g. Semantic parsing also ensued over whether the modifer 'meaningful' is significantly (or meaningfully) different from 'significant'.
- oops: said when someone falls or makes a small mistake e.g. Oops,I've spelt that wrong
- diss: [v,informal] to say unkind things about someone you know
- latent [adj]: (of a quality or statue) existing but not yet developed or manifest. SYN: dormant,quiescent,concealed  e.g. Despite her rampantly active social-media life, she suffers from the same fate as so many young urbanites-latent  loneliness in a big city
- hoodwink [v]: deceive or trick (someone)  SYN: dupe, fool, con   e.g.The prison camps were being renamed factories, and the world hoodwicked into buying goods stained with blood...
- livid [adj]: furiously angry SYN: infuriated, irate, fuming  e.g. A livid Vladimir Putin minced  no words in his response, calling the downing a 'stab in the back'...
- vivid [adj]: a vivid picture.
- toady [v]: Act in an obsequious way SYN: be servile towards, grovel to  e.g. Britain's Conservative goverment is accused of sacrificing the steel industry to toady up to China. e.g.2  toadying to the boss
- Caustic [adj]: Sarcastic in a scathing and bitter way SYN: cutting, biting, corrosive  e.g. That Mr Johnson, a social liberal but caustic fiscal conservative ... is drawing as many votes from the left as the right is more surprising.
- Kindle [v]: Arouse or inspire SYN: rouse, awaken, ignite   e.g. Consuming ground rhino horn is a cruel and ineffective way to relieve a hangover, break a fever, kindle sexual desire, or heal disease...
- Inure [v]: Accustom (someone) to something, especially something unpleasant SYN: harden, condition, desensitize  e.g. Despite the psychological and physical wounds that sustained terrorist campaigns inflict, societies can become inured to them.
- Tome [n]: a book, especially a large, heavy, scholarly one SYN: volume, work, opus   e.g. It's a tome to which most recent arguments about regulation and economic reform are merely annotations.
- Coerce [v]: persuade (an unwilling person) to do something by using force or threats  SYN: pressure, compel, influence  e.g. If gender norms coerce mothers, rather than fathers, into staying at home, then a child-care subsidy would be liberating.
- Impervious [adj]: Unable to be affected by  SYN: immune to, invulnerable to   e.g. The reality is, we can never make our airports, or any other crowded places, impervious to attack. 
- Scintilla [n]: a tiny trace or spark of a specified quality or feeling  SYN: particle, iota , smidgen   e.g. After a scintlla of regret over lost youth, to turn 50 should be to enter the prime of life, with a plenitude of projects and achievements,
- culpability [n]: responsibility for a fault or wrong SYN: guilt, blame, fault   e.g. The public airing of evience gives credence their claims and keeps the mater of the gun industry's culpability in the public spotlight. 
- tenet [n]: a principle or belief SYN: doctrine, percept, creed  e.g. In the western and Burger courts of the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, religious accommodation was a liberal tenet.
- Redress [n]: to correct something that is wrong or unfail  SYN: reparation, restitution, recompense   e.g. There must be redress by an independant tribunal for those who have been mistreated.  re-dress : re is the prefix
- Leaven [v]: Permeate and modify or transform (something) for the better  SYN: infuse, pervade, penetrate  e.g.The EU, that most peculiar of institutions, has not yet worked out how to leaven the need for a central authority with the democratic energy of nation-status.
- calumny [n]: a false and slanderous statement SYN: slander, defmation of character  e.g. The Melungeon story has mostly been told in the calumnies and hearsay of outsiders.
- Aver [n]: state or assert to be the case. SYN: proclaim, announce, make known   e.g. As many ladies will aver, different shops and fashion labels appear to have varying definitions of what a 'size 6', say, is.
- Vernal [adj]: of, in, or approprite to spring  e.g. 'It must nearly be summer,' I snickered to myself; such is the vernal regularity of industrial action by controllers across the Channel.
- taunt [n]: a remark made in order to anger,wound, or provoke someone. SYN: jeer, gibe, sneer;  e.g. But in the past two years taunts have turned into deadly attacks.
- wanton [adj]: (of a cruel or violent action) deliberate and unprovoked. SYN: malicious, malevolent, spiteful   e.g. Over the decades these Muslim non-people, without legal or any other sort of protection, have been the victims of wanton discrimination and violence...
- purist [n]: a person who insist on absolute adherence to tradtional rules or structures . SYN: pedant, dogmatist, perfectionist. e.g. From this purist point of view, there is only one Christian church worthy of the name...  [root]: pure
- quixotic [adj]: exceedingly idealistic, unrealistic and impractical, SYN: unrealistic, impractical, romantic   e.g. In one chapter... the director probes some of the quixotic visionaries driving the digital revolution forward.
- Wry [adj]: Using or expressing dry, especiallxy mocking, humor SYN: ironic, sardonic, satirical  e.g. Catherine Merridale is one of the foremost foreign historians of Russia, combining wry insights with deep sympathy for the human beings...
- lucid [adj]: showing ability to think clearly SYN:rational, sane, in one's right mind   e.g. But his style is lucid and his judgments scrupulously fair.
- scrupulously [adj]: very careful to be completely honest and fair.   OPP: unscrupulously  e.g. Not all lawyers are as scrupulously as she is.
- abyss [n]: a deep or seemingly bottomless chasm SYN: gorge, ravine, void e.g.   whose dire warnings about risks ... seem most believeable? Which abyss looks darker and deeper?   a very dangerous or frightening situation : a very dangerous or frightening situtation  abyss of :   The country might plunge into the abyss of economic ruin.  
- abysmal  [adj]: extremely bad; appalling  SYN: dreadful, awful, terrible  e.g. Hanjin's  bankruptcy  -and the abysmal performance of so many lines- is the result of overcapacity in the shipping industry.
- extant [adj]: still in exisence; surviving  SYN: living, still existing, remaining  e.g. The earliest extant painting dates to 1825 and shows him with vivid eyes and thin, sculpted lips.
- muse [n]: A person or peprsonified force who is the source of inspiration for a creative artist  SYN: inspiration, influence, stimulus e.g. Mr Blackwell's mother was Fleming's mistress, muse and supposely the model for Pussy Galore.
- errant [adj]: erring or straying from the proper course or standards  SYN: offending, guity, culpable  e.g. He could admit the error and fire the errant speechwriter.
- Abate [v]: Become less intense or widespread SYN: subside, die away, die down  e.g. A broad cash crunch and broken supply chains threaten a sharp enconomic slowdown-albeit one that will abate...
- ​